README.md, before:

# README

## Requirements

* Install `npm` if not already installed.

## Installation
+ Run the following commands:

    * `git clone https://github.com/noodlebreak/expressfriends.git`
    * `cd expressfriends`
    * `npm install`

+ Setup database:
    * `createdb <dbname>`
    * Add above created db's connection params in `.env` file, with proper  
      values for db-host, db-user, and password
    * Run `npx sequelize db:migrate` to create tables.
    * Run `npx sequelize db:seed:all` to install sample fixture data, so that the table is somewhat populated for you to see some results in the APIs.


+ You can run the server in two modes:
    1. Auto-reload mode: In case you need to make changes and see them without manually restarting the server:

        `npm run dev`

    2. Start the node server without auto reload:

        `npm start`

You can then browse the APIs by going to [http://localhost:8000/api](http://localhost:8000/api)
You can change the port by changing the `PORT` variable in `.env`


## Testing

* **Test cases**

    There are test cases written for checking the functioning of all the APIs.
    You can run the tests by running the following command:

    `npm run test`

    Make sure the seeds are installed, so that assertions on initial data doesn't fail.

* **Restlet API collection**

    You can use the collection available under the `api_collection` dir, and import it to your installation of Restlet (either on system or in Google Chrome). You can then test the API suite.

## API usage:
Just go over to the root of the project site when server is started, and you'll be shown links.
To check pagination:
    + `count`: Use this `GET` param to limit results
    + `page`: Use this `GET` param to browse the paginated set of results

## Demo

* **Heroku**:

    A demo is already deployed at [expressfriends.herokuapp.com](https://expressfriends.herokuapp.com/), so check it out.

* **Docker**:

    If interested in docker image then

    * run `docker build . -t expressfriends`
    * run `docker run -p 8000:80 expressfriends`

    NOTE: You'll need to connect to local db if on Windows/Mac.

Commit message:

[fix]: test seeders [update]: removed cruft code where possible

README.md, after:

# README

## Requirements

* Install `npm` if not already installed.

## Installation
+ Run the following commands:

    * `git clone https://github.com/noodlebreak/expressfriends.git`
    * `cd expressfriends`
    * `npm install`

+ Setup database:
    * `createdb <dbname>`
    * Add above created db's connection params in `.env` file, with proper  
      values for db-host, db-user, and password
    * Run `npx sequelize db:migrate` to create tables.
    * Run `npx sequelize db:seed:all` to install sample fixture data, so that the table is somewhat populated for you to see some results in the APIs.


+ You can run the server in two modes:
    1. Auto-reload mode: In case you need to make changes and see them without manually restarting the server:

        `npm run dev`

    2. Start the node server without auto reload:

        `npm start`

You can then browse the APIs by going to [http://localhost:8000/api](http://localhost:8000/api)
You can change the port by changing the `PORT` variable in `.env`


## Testing

* **Test cases**

    There are test cases written for checking the functioning of all the APIs.
    Make sure to create a local DB with the same name as the development one, but with `_test` suffix.
    You can then run the tests by running the following command:

    `npm run test`

    Make sure the seeds are installed, so that assertions on initial data doesn't fail.

* **Restlet API collection**

    You can use the collection available under the `api_collection` dir, and import it to your installation of Restlet (either on system or in Google Chrome). You can then test the API suite.

## API usage:
Just go over to the root of the project site when server is started, and you'll be shown links.
To check pagination:
    + `count`: Use this `GET` param to limit results
    + `page`: Use this `GET` param to browse the paginated set of results

## Demo

* **Heroku**:

    A demo is already deployed at [expressfriends.herokuapp.com](https://expressfriends.herokuapp.com/), so check it out.

* **Docker**:

    If interested in docker image then

    * run `docker build . -t expressfriends`
    * run `docker run -p 8000:80 expressfriends`

    NOTE: You'll need to connect to local db if on Windows/Mac.
